index.md, before:

---
title: Home
---

# Workshop Template!

{% include figure.html img="uidaho-workshop.jpg" alt="intro image here" caption="Library workshop" width="75%" %}

A minimal Jekyll theme for creating workshop websites.

*Add your workshop abstract here!*

Learn how to create a super quick easy website for a workshop by writing a few markdown files! 
Host it for free on GitHub with gh-pages, and share!
Fun!

*See also:* [workshop-template-b](https://evanwill.github.io/workshop-template-b/), Bootstrap version.

<div class="toc" markdown="1">
## Contents:

{% for lesson in site.pages %}
{% if lesson.nav == true %}- [{{ lesson.title }}]({{ lesson.url | absolute_url }}){% endif %}
{% endfor %}
</div>

Hosted by [University of Idaho Library](http://www.lib.uidaho.edu/), {{ site.pub_year }}.
 
> built using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) and [GitHub Pages](https://pages.github.com/)
>
> images and content: cc-by-sa <a href="https://github.com/{{ site.github_username }}">{{ site.author }}</a> {{ site.pub_year}} (get [source code]({{ site.repo }})).
> Last build date: {{ site.time | date: "%Y-%m-%d" }}.
>
> <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/" rel="license"><img style="border-width: 0;" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png" alt="Creative Commons License" /></a>

Commit message:

started adding content: schedule, names, etc.

index.md, after:

---
title: Home
---

# Long-term Personalization in HRI.


{% include figure.html img="uidaho-workshop.jpg" alt="intro image here" caption="Library workshop" width="75%" %}

A minimal Jekyll theme for creating workshop websites.

*Add your workshop abstract here!*

## Provisional Schedule

The proposed schedule is subject to change depending on the number of submissions. It will be
re-arranged to synchronize with the lunch and coffee breaks.

- 9:00 - 9:05 Opening remarks
- 9:05 - 9:35 Keynote #1
- 9:35 - 10:05 Keynote #2
- 10:05 - 10:45 Brain-storming #1
- 10:45 - 11:05 Coffee break
- 11:05 - 12:20 Full talks (4-5 papers)
- 12:20 - 13:50 Lunch
- 13:50 - 14:20 Keynote #3
- 14:20 - 14:50 Keynote #4
- 14:50 - 15:20 Short talks (5-6 papers)
- 15:20 - 15:40 Coffee break
- 15:40 - 17:00 Full talks (4-5 papers)
- 17:00 - 17:45 Brain-storming #2
- 17:45 - 18:00 Closing remarks
- 18:00 - Workshop dinner

<div class="toc" markdown="1">
## Contents:

{% for lesson in site.pages %}
{% if lesson.nav == true %}- [{{ lesson.title }}]({{ lesson.url | absolute_url }}){% endif %}
{% endfor %}
</div>

Hosted by [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/), {{ site.pub_year }}.
